====
    The MIT License (MIT)

    MSUSEL Arc Framework
    Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Montana State University, Gianforte School of Computing,
    Software Engineering Laboratory and Idaho State University, Informatics and
    Computer Science, Empirical Software Engineering Laboratory

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.
====

35 tests, 225 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
Status	Test	Message
passed	testFunctionArgumentNames	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionBind	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionCurry	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionDelay	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionWrap	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionDefer	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionMethodize	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectExtend	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectToQueryString	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectClone	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectInspect	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectToJSON	19 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectToHTML	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsArray	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsHash	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsElement	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsFunction	9 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsString	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsNumber	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsUndefined	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testDoesntExtendObjectPrototype	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testPeriodicalExecuterStop	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testBindAsEventListener	40 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testDateToJSON	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testRegExpEscape	25 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testBrowserDetection	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
Info: User agent string is: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092510 Ubuntu/8.04 (hardy) Firefox/3.0.3
Info: Running on Gecko
passed	testClassCreate	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testClassInstantiation	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInheritance	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testSuperclassMethodCall	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testClassAddMethods	6 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testBaseClassWithMixin	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testSubclassWithMixin	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testSubclassWithMixins	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testClassWithToStringAndValueOfMethods	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors