====
    The MIT License (MIT)

    MSUSEL Arc Framework
    Copyright (c) 2015-2019 Montana State University, Gianforte School of Computing,
    Software Engineering Laboratory and Idaho State University, Informatics and
    Computer Science, Empirical Software Engineering Laboratory

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.
====

25 tests, 253 assertions, 1 failures, 0 errors
Status	Test	Message
passed	testDollarFunction	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testGetElementsByClassName	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInsertWithTR	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdate	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateWithScript	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateInTableRow	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateInTableCell	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateInTable	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementSelectorMethod	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementClassNameMethod	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementAncestors	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementDescendants	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementPreviousSiblings	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementNextSiblings	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementSiblings	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUp	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementDown	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementPrevious	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementNext	6 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementInspect	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementMakeClipping	15 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementExtend	151 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementCleanWhitespace	9 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementSetStyle	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
failed	testElementGetStyle	7 assertions, 1 failures, 0 errors
Failure: assertNotNull